WIP - Update anti-spam-message-headers.md (#632)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-o365seccomp: SecurityCompliance/anti-spam-message-headers.md

|SFV:NSPM|The message was marked as non-spam and was sent to the intended recipients.|
|H: [helostring]|The HELO or EHLO string of the connecting mail server.|
|PTR: [ReverseDNS]|The PTR record, or pointer record, of the sending IP address, also known as the reverse DNS address.|

> |CAT:|The category of protection policy, applied to the message: <br/>• MALW: Malware <br/>• PHSH: Phishing <br/>• HSPM: High confidence spam <br/>• SPOOF: Spoofing <br/>• SPM: Spam <br/>• BULK: Bulk <br/>• DIMP: Domain Impersonation <br/>• UIMP: User Impersonation <br/>Potentially, an incoming message may be flagged by multiple forms of protection, and multiple detection scans. Policies have different priority and the one at the highest priority will apply. [What policy applies when multiple protection methods and detection scans run on your email](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/securitycompliance/how-policies-and-protections-are-combined)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|CAT:|The category of protection policy, applied to the message: <br/>• MALW: Malware <br/>• PHSH: Phishing <br/>• HSPM: High confidence spam <br/>• SPOOF: Spoofing <br/>• SPM: Spam <br/>• BULK: Bulk <br/>• DIMP: Domain Impersonation <br/>• UIMP: User Impersonation <br/>Potentially, an incoming message may be flagged by multiple forms of protection, and multiple detection scans. Policies have different priorities, and the one at the highest priority will apply. See [What policy applies when multiple protection methods and detection scans run on your email](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/how-policies-and-protections-are-combined).|
```

Reviewer 2: You must remove HTML style bullets from the table. If you're having trouble rethinking how to format this, I've requested help internally.
